so I've lost watched a lot of videos
from days fired and I see me said is a
lot of videos that say grown in usually
it's a growing desire well this will
start but this shows you the true
meaning and grown in we like the
Froemming quit here in the major time
Nova Scotia this is a 76 volvo 240 wagon
actually was fuel injected at one point
time as you can see it's missing many
barracks the grill I actually stole it's
in the front of my dad's Volkswagen
which I'll put in another video just to
show you my custom body work and stuff I
don't think as a laugh I'd almost try
but I know this cars been sitting here
for a long long time everything looks
seized the distributor caps off of it
there's no battery and I think the wires
are gone the fuel lines are chopped out
you know there's nothing left of it it's
not even worth trying but as you can see
that's grown in its good six inches in
the ground the back tire as well you may
notice looks a little in the wrong spot
well while back we actually had a few of
these and I was trying to tow it us was
that truck well two wheel drive made it
spin a lot then I decided okay doubled
up the rope this is actually what's left
of that rope fairly big growth you know
figure doubling that up would be strong
enough well I snapped it three times and
well tired of the car moved show you
here I gotta crawl through the woods to
get to it but as you can see I pretty
much pulled the rear end right off its
you know I don't know what it's hanging
on by but probably not much I do want to
make another video of trying to pull
this thing again but I'm going to have
to find somewhere that is actually solid
enough that when i wrote on it it'll
actually move and not just brick the car
in half
and then we'll have just a big pile of
scrap metal